update the number of recipients keys in a JWE envelope (#270)
decentralized-identity/didcomm-messaging: docs/spec-files/encryption.md

}
```

> Unless previously coordinated, the recipients of the envelope SHOULD include all the KeyAgreement entries, representing Bob. The corresponding `kid` header for this recipient MUST have a DID URL pointing to a verification method in the did document. This verification method MUST be associated with the `KeyAgreement` verification relationship and the public key bytes MUST be retrieved from the DID Document to execute the ECDH-1PU key derivation for content key wrapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unless previously coordinated, the recipients of the envelope SHOULD include all the KeyAgreement entries, representing Bob. The corresponding `kid` header for this recipient MUST have a DID URL pointing to a verification method in the did document. This verification method MUST be associated with the `KeyAgreement` verification relationship and the verification material MUST be retrieved from the DID Document to execute the ECDH-1PU key derivation for content key wrapping.
```
